It's a question that sounds impossible.
How does someone get rejected twice by Goldman Sachs and still end up winning an intense cage battle to be selected as CEO?
And how does he run the most prestigious bank in the world while also DJ'ing at Lollapalooza and partying in the Hamptons with the Chainsmokers?
Most people know Solomon as Goldman's CEO. But his path wasn't clean, linear, or traditional.
He didn't break into banking out of college and his daddy wasn't a bank executive.
So how did he rise? And why did his unconventional path end up giving him more leverage than the people who looked perfect on paper?
Today, we break down the full story of how one of the most powerful bankers in the world blazed his own path and denied all standard formulas.
This is the unlikely story of David Solomon, aka DJ D-Sol.
Now if you've been following me for a while, you've seen me teach you how to break into banking, but this video is about the long game.
And what drives a successful long-term finance career isn't school prestige or building DCFs. It's the decisions, habits, and experiences that compound over time.
Solomon's story doesn't start anywhere near Wall Street.
He was born in Hartsdale, New York in 1962 and his father worked in publishing while his mother worked in audiology.
He worked at a local Baskin Robbins and as a camp counselor in high school and afterwards went to Hamilton College, where he played on the rugby team and joined the social frat Alpha Delta Phi.
Graduation arrives in 1984 and he takes his first big swing by applying to Goldman for an analyst role. And Goldman says no.
So he finds another entry point into finance by joining Irving Trust, where there's no prestige or glamour, but it's where he learns about credit, risk, and real financial fundamentals.
While working at Irving, Solomon decides to shoot his shot once again at Goldman, who again rejects him.
But at a cocktail party in 1986, Solomon gets introduced to a few people from Drexel Burnham Lambert, which at the time was the beating heart of the junk-bond boom.
